# Privacy Policy for InboxRescue

Last updated: August 19, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

## Interpretation and Definitions

**Interpretation**
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

**Definitions**
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- Application means the software program named InboxRescue

- "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement refers to the InboxRescue maintainers

- Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

**Types of Data Collected**

**Personal Data**
InboxRescue does not collect or store any user personal data. 

**Usage Data**
InboxRescue does not collect usage data.

**Tracking Technologies and Cookies**
InboxRescue does not add additional tracking technologies to the existing GMail application.

**Use of Your Personal Data**
InboxRescue does not store personal data. InboxRescue does not share personal data or information. Personal data in your GMail account stays in your GMail account.

**Retention of Your Personal Data**
InboxRescue does not store personal data.

**Transfer of Your Personal Data**
InboxRescure does not transfer or transmit personal data other than to GMail APIs which are also the source of personal data.

**Disclosure of Your Personal Data**
InboxRescue does not store user data so there are no circumstances under which we could disclose personal data.

**Security of Your Personal Data**
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us. The best way to protect the security of Your Personal Data is for InboxRescue not to store Your Personal Data in the first place. As a result, InboxRescue does not store Your Personal Data. Regardless, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Children's Privacy**
InboxRescure does not address anyone under the age of 13. InboxRescue does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 (or anyone over the age of 13 for that matter). 

**Other Websites and Service**
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, emails, or other services. This includes Google and GMail APIs, as well as the email content you recieve from third parties.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by email: policy@inboxrescue.io.